Add files via upload (#540)
cyclr/docs: Nice-CXOne-authentication.md

---
title: Nice CXOne authentication
sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: nice-cxone-connector
tags: [connector]
linkedpage: true
---
{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
<section class="card">

## Nice CXOne setup

### Register Application

> Before setting up the Nice CXOne connector, you will need to register an application, which can be done [here](https://developer.niceincontact.com/Documentation/ApplicationRegistration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup up the Nice CXOne connector, you need to register an Application. You can find Nice CXOne's guide to do this [here](https://developer.niceincontact.com/Documentation/ApplicationRegistration).
```
Slight reword, remove unnecessary words.

> ### Get authentication details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get an Access Key ID and Access Key Secret
```
Rename to fit in with the list of requirements. This way each bullet point has a subheading associated with it.

> To authenticate your connector, you need a Client ID, Client Secret, an Access Key ID, and Access Key Secret. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate the Nice CXOne connector, you need to:
- Register an Application to receive a Client ID and Client Secret.
- Get an Access Key ID and Access Key Secret.
```
Formatting changes. I'd suggest moving this directly below the `Nice CXOne setup` heading (line 12).

> Your Client ID and Client Secret can be obtained through the [application registration](https://developer.niceincontact.com/Documentation/ApplicationRegistration) process and will be provided by CXOne.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove this line. This is already stated under the `Register Application` heading.

> Your Access Key ID and Access Key Secret can be obtained by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Obtain an Access Key ID and Access Key Secret by:
```
Remove passive voice.

1. Click Profile in the right corner of the CXone top navigation bar.

2. Click **My Profile** from the drop-down.

> 3. Click **Access Keys**. Click **Add access key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Access Keys**. 
4. Click **Add Access Key**.
```
Additional step so each is one instruction.

> 1. Click Profile in the right corner of the CXone top navigation bar.
> 
> 2. Click **My Profile** from the drop-down.
> 
> 3. Click **Access Keys**. Click **Add access key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select Profile in the right corner of the CXone top navigation bar.

2. Select **My Profile** from the drop-down.

3. Select **Access Keys**. Click **Add access key**.
```
Use `Select` instead of `Click`.

>    Note:
> 
>    You can only view the **Secret Access Key** while you are in the My Profile window. Once you exit the window, you will no longer be able to view the secret key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: You can only view the **Secret Access Key** while you are in the My Profile window. Once you exit the window, you will no longer be able to view the Secret Key.
```
I _think_ this is the formatting required for notes to display correctly.

If you have any trouble obtaining an Access Key ID and Access Key Secret, follow [this guide](https://help.nice-incontact.com/content/globalfeatures/myprofile/myprofile.htm) or contact your Nice CXOne account manager.

</section>

<section class="card">

## Cyclr setup

To set up the Nice CXOne connector in Cyclr, go to your Cyclr console:

1. Go to **Connectors** > **Application Connector Library**.

2. Use the search box to find the Nice CXOne connector.

3. Select the **Setup Required** icon.

> 4. Enter the below values:
> 
>    | **Value** | **Description**                  |
>    | :-------- | :------------------------------- |
>    | username  | Your application's Client ID.    |
>    | password  | Your application's Client Secret |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter the below values:

   | **Value** | **Description**                  |
   | :-------- | :------------------------------- |
   | username  | The Username of your Nice CXOne account.    |
   | password  | The Password of your Nice CXOne account. |
   | Access Key ID  | The Access Key ID of your registered Application.    |
   | Access Key Secret  | The Access Key Secret of your registered Application. |
```
As this connector is set to use password credentials, all 4 fields are going to be visible in the partner console. Updated the description of the username and password fields to match what values they should have.

5. Select **Save Changes**.

> **Note**: If you leave any values blank, Cyclr asks for the value when you install the connector into an account. This means you can use different settings for different accounts.

### Account setup

> Cyclr asks you for the below values when you install the Nice CXOne connector into an account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install the Nice CXOne connector into an account, Cyclr asks for any values not entered in your partner console, along with the following:
```
Specify that values entered in the previous step won't appear.

> | **Value**         | **Description**                                              |
> | :---------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
> | Access Key ID     | The user access key id from a user on the business unit you want to make the API call against. |
> | Access Key Secret | The user access key secret from a user on the business unit you want to make the API call against. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Value** | **Description**                                              |
| :-------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| Base URL  | The Base URL of your Nice CXOne instance. For example, `https://subdomain.domain-nice.com`. |
```
This should only contain values not listed above, in this case any account level parameters.
